feat(button): Add ExternalHyperlink and missing stories for Hyperlinks (#1430)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/button/stories/button/Hyperlink.stories.mdx

import {Meta, Story} from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import {Hyperlink, ExternalHyperlink} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/button';
import {Specifications} from '@workday/canvas-kit-docs';

import {Link} from './examples/Hyperlink';
import {LinkInverse} from './examples/HyperlinkInverse';
import {ExternalLink} from './examples/ExternalHyperlink';
import {ExternalLinkInverse} from './examples/ExternalHyperlinkInverse';

<Meta title="Components/Buttons/Hyperlink/React" />

# Canvas Kit Hyperlinks

Clickable anchor elements that extend the native `<a>` element with Canvas styling.

[> Workday Design Reference](https://design.workday.com/components/buttons/buttons)

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @workday/canvas-kit-react
```

## Usage

### Hyperlink

> Hyperlinks should be used when you want to navigate away from the current page or to an anchor on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Hyperlink`s should be used when you want to navigate away from the current page or to an anchor on
```

the current page.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Link} />

> Hyperlinks also have an `inverse` variant. Use this variant when you need to place a Hyperlink on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Inverse

Hyperlinks also have an `inverse` variant. Use this variant when you need to place a Hyperlink on a
```

dark or colorful background such as `blueberry400`.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={LinkInverse} />

#### Props

Undocumented props are spread to the underlying `<a>` element.

<ArgsTable of={Hyperlink} />

### ExternalHyperlink

If your link should open in a new tab or window use the `<ExternalHyperlink>` component. It will let
users know about the behavior by adding an icon, `extLinkIcon`. By default, the icon has a label of
"Opens link in new window". You can override `aria-label` of the icon by using the `iconLabel`

> attribute. This override will be needed for translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prop. This override will be needed for translations.
```

<ExampleCodeBlock code={ExternalLink} />

> ExternalHyperlinks also have an `inverse` variant. Use this variant when you need to place a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Inverse

`ExternalHyperlink`s also have an `inverse` variant. Use this variant when you need to place a
```

> ExternalHyperlinks also have an `inverse` variant. Use this variant when you need to place a
> Hyperlink on a dark or colorful background such as `blueberry400`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ExternalHyperlink`s also have an `inverse` variant. Use this variant when you need to place the link on a dark or colorful background such as `blueberry400`.
```

<ExampleCodeBlock code={ExternalLinkInverse} />

#### Props

Undocumented props are spread to the underlying `<a>` element.

<ArgsTable of={ExternalHyperlink} />

### Accessible Use of the `as` Prop

> Like many of our components, Buttons accept an `as` prop, which lets you change the underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like many of our components, `Hyperlink` and `ExternalHyperlink` accept an `as` prop, which lets you change the underlying
```

semantic element - usually an `<a>`, or a `<button>`. This should be done with caution to ensure the
best accessibility. Generally, `<button>` elements should be used for actions, and `<a>` elements

> should be used for navigation.

Reviewer: Good call out. Thanks for adding this. 👍🏻
